Update challenge.md (#43)
gravitational/careers: challenges/frontend/challenge.md

## Levels

> There are 6 engineering levels at Teleport. Levels 1-4 are open through the challenge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 6 engineering levels at Teleport. Levels 1-4 are open through the frontend challenge.
```

> Levels 5 and 6 is only for internal promotions. Check the [engineering levels document](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gravitational/careers/main/levels.pdf) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For frontend engineers, levels 5 and 6 are only for internal promotions. Check the [engineering levels document](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gravitational/careers/main/levels.pdf) for more details.
```
